
	Dragons are a tricky animal to keep in a habitat, since they can breathe fire and fly.  Typical fenced habitats are obviously inadequate, since the beasts could simply fly away, while plexiglass enclosures are not heat resistant enough to withstand the dragon's firey breath.  To complicate matters, the zoo will not have visitors if they are unable to see the dragons, which means we need to have these tasty morsels (and welcome guests) in close proximity to the dragons.
	The enclosures will be the most difficult components.  They need to be both strong and heat resistant, so I would make each of them a 2 piece system.  The first portion will be the surrounding ground-level fence.  This will be constructed from vertical tungsten columns due to the strength and heat resistance of this material, and stand approximately 20 feet high and encompassing a vast open area to allow the creatures to roam freely.  An added benefit of tungsten is its weight, which will make this fence a natural foundation for the enclosures.  Over this fence will be a lattice dome constructed of titanium rods, which will allow air to move freely into the enclosure.  As with tungsten, titanium has a high melting-point and is a strong metal, but is more lightweight which will help make the dome structure more stable.  A separate enclosure will be needed for each dragon until it has been determined that they will not injur each other if kept in the same enclosure.
	Guests to the zoo will have two ways to view the dragons, from within the enclosure and from its perimeter.  Spaced around the perimeter of the enclosure will be bunker-like viewing rooms with fire-resistant tempered glass windows.  For a closer view of the zoo's inhabitants, additional viewing bunkers will be placed within the enclosures themselves and surrounded by protective cages.  The bunkers will all be connected by a network of tunnels running underneath and around the dragon habitats so zoo visitors can safely travel between them.
	This configuration will allow viewers an up-close experience with the dragons while having a minimal impact on the creatures' enclosure, allowing them to live undisturbed.